Add Collector reference docs and automation (#9953)
elastic/elastic-agent: docs/reference/edot-collector/config/proxy.md

## Configure proxy settings for the EDOT Collector

Most EDOT components honor common proxy environment variables. The following examples show how to configure them:

::::{tab-set}

:::{tab-item} Docker run
```bash
docker run -e HTTP_PROXY=http://<proxy.address>:<port> \
           -e HTTPS_PROXY=http://<proxy.address>:<port> \
	        otel/opentelemetry-collector:latest
```
:::

:::{tab-item} Docker compose
```yaml
services:
   edotcollector:
      environment:
         - HTTP_PROXY=http://<proxy.address>:<port>
         - HTTPS_PROXY=http://<proxy.address>:<port>
```
:::

:::{tab-item} Kubernetes pod manifest
```yaml
env:
   - name: HTTP_PROXY
     value: '<proxy.address>:<port>'
   - name: HTTPS_PROXY
     value: '<proxy.address>:<port>'
```
:::

:::{tab-item} systemmd [Service] unit file
```
[Service]
Environment="HTTP_PROXY=http://<proxy.address>:<port>"
Environment="HTTPS_PROXY=http://<proxy.address>:<port>"
Environment="NO_PROXY=<address1>,<address2>"
```
:::

::::

:::{{note}}
For the EDOT Collector, proxy support applies to all exporters, including those using gRPC. No special configuration is needed beyond the environment variables.

> If you're using an SDK that doesn't support proxy variables directly, consider routing telemetry through an EDOT Collector configured with proxy settings. This ensures consistent proxy handling. For more information, refer to [Proxy settings for EDOT SDKs](opentelemetry://reference/edot-sdks/proxy.mdproxy.md).

Reviewer: Do you mean this? 

```suggestion
If you're using an SDK that doesn't support proxy variables directly, consider routing telemetry through an EDOT Collector configured with proxy settings. This ensures consistent proxy handling. For more information, refer to [Proxy settings for EDOT SDKs](docs-content://troubleshoot/ingest/opentelemetry/edot-sdks/proxy.md).
```
